The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. (Randall E. Stross) First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack. (George Carrette) Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges, and it causes end-user and administrator frustration. (Ray Ozzie) A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. (Doug Linder) The best method for accelerating a computer is the one that boosts it by 9.8 m/s2. (Anonymous)

You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. (Jim McCarthy) It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants. It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets. (Alan Cooper) First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack. (George Carrette) But what is it good for? (Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, commenting on the microchip, 1968)

It’s a curious thing about our industry: not only do we not learn from our mistakes, but we also don’t learn from our successes. (Keith Braithwaite) A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensive answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents and carried out on instruments of problematical accuracy by persons of dubious reliability and questionable mentality for the avowed purpose of annoying and confounding a hopelessly defenseless department that was unfortunate enough to ask for the information in the first place. (IEEE Grid newsmagazine) But what is it good for? (Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM, commenting on the microchip, 1968) Programming is like sex. One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life. (Michael Sinz) If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization. (Gerald Weinberg)

Writing code has a place in the human hierarchy worth somewhere above grave robbing and beneath managing. (Gerald Weinberg) To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer. (Paul Ehrlich) Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed. (Bob Gray) Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free. (Linus Torvalds)